Description:

  Btxlook accepts a list of words and searches BiBTeX .bib bibliographic files
  for entries containing every word in the list.  All such entries are printed
  out at the end of the search, each entry preceded by the name of the file
  from which it came.  For full details, see the btxlook man page.

  Btxindex generates auxiliary .bix files used by btxlook to speed up its
  searching.  For full details, see the btxindex man page.

  Btxlook.el is an emacs major mode that accepts a list of words, submits it to
  a background btxlook process, and makes the search result available for
  browsing in a buffer.  Entries in the buffer may be selected for insertion
  into a document as LaTeX \cite macros.  For full details, see the start of
  btxlook.el.

History:

  Btxlook and btxindex are incompatible versions of Jeff Erickson's biblook
  and bibindex programs.  The .bix files generated by btxindex can't be used by
  biblook, and similarly for bibindex and btxlook.

  The main differences between the old and new programs are:

    Automatic updating.  Btxlook can update .bix files that it finds are older
    than the associated .bib files.

    Better file handling. Btxlook and btxindex can deal with multiple files,
    and use search paths to hunt for files.  .bix files need not be written in
    the same directory as the .bib file, making it easy to deal with other
    peoples' .bib files.

    Simpler btxlook interface.  Type a list of words, get back a list of
    matching entries.

Location:

  The most recent version of the software can be found on ftp.cc.gatech.edu in
  directory /pub/people/clayton.  The software may be copied to other
  distribution sites, but the only copy considered relevant is the one at
  ftp.cc.gatech.edu.

  There is no organized scheme or regular schedule for updating the software,
  and there will likely never be any.

Preliminaries:

  You need an ANSI C compiler; the code has compiled successfully with the
  freely available ANSI C compilers gcc and lcc.  You also need a version of
  flex that understands the -P option; flex version 2.4.7 does.

  The software has been built successfully on the following boxes and operating
  systems:

    Sun sparc  SunOS 4.1.3
    Sun sparc  Solaris 2.4
    SGI Indy   IRIX 5.2
    IBM 570    AIX 3.2.5
    x86 pc     linux (debian 0.93r6)

  If you're on a unix-based system, follow the installation instructions given
  in the next section.  If you're on a non-unix-based system, you're on your
  own.

Installation:

  1 Generate a makefile by typing "./configure" (in all cases do not type the
    quotes).  The generated makefile installs the results in the following
    directories:

      $(prefix)/bin		     The executables btxlook and btxindex.
      $(prefix)/man/man1	     The man pages for btxlook and btxindex.
      $(prefix)/lib/emacs/site-lisp  btxlook.el

    By default, "prefix" is /usr/local; if you want the results installed
    relative to an alternate directory, type "./configure --prefix=<dir>",
    where <dir> represents the alternate directory.

    Configure checks for an ANSI C compiler and a version of flex that
    understands the -P option.  It fails if it can't find either one.  Both a
    ANSI C compiler and flex are available from the gnu project.

  2 Edit the makefile to fine tune.  This should only involve minor edits, such
    as changing the final location of btxlook.el or the man page extension.
    Running configure creates a new version of makefile; any previous edits to
    makefile are lost.

  3 Build the executables and man pages by typing "make".  There should be few
    or no messages during the build.

  4 Test the executables by typing "make test".  There should be no output.

  5 To see what gets installed where, type "make -n install", editing the
    makefile where necessary.  The directories in which the results are stored
    must exist before the software is installed; the makefile will not create
    them.  You also need write permission for the directories.

    When satisfied that everything gets properly placed, install for real by
    typing "make install".

  6 Clean up by typing "make clean".

Correspondence:

  Question, comments, and suggestions should be sent to clayton@cc.gatech.edu.
  When writing about particular software, be sure to include the release date
  below so it is clear to which version you are referring (the revision number
  below applies to this note only; it does not apply to the software).

  There is no mailing list or other form of organized communications about this
  software, and there will likely never be any.

$Revision: 1.1.1.1 $ released on 95 Dec 14.
